---
title:  23/1/17
layout: post
author: tommy.nicholls
permalink: / 23/1/17/
source-id: 1qaBzTrZrXHHKct4e4FrcK-yOl3YMLDvQF7XDziP-FW4
published: true
---
**Python lesson 2.   23/1/17**

 What we did today:

 today was our second lesson on codecadamy which we carried on with learning python

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective **

I think I didn't learn that well (for once) as I think I was not really fully concentrating on the task and I let my wander. Some strategies that I found effective was on one exercise I as stuck on it for about twenty minutes as I did not understand it. Even with the clue I still didn't understand it. But when I ask the person next to me(as he had already passed it)  he explained it to me which was really helpful.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to improve on?**

The thing I think that limited my learning was how I was not fully concentrating on codecadamy so I only progressed about 7 exercises over whole lesson which I was disappointed with, but that was also due to the 20 minute period when I was stuck on one exercise. The habit I need to improve is to concentrate instead of letting my mind wander.

**What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?**

The thing I will change for next time is to concentrate more on codecadmy so I can get more exercises done. I will improve my learning by doing at least one exercise a day so I can keep the coding language fresh in my mind.

**How did I react to the thing said in class?**

The things we talked about in class were how we should self learn and if helping people only give them hints instead of giving them the answer straight out. I think I have done this a few times to other people and sometimes it has happened to me. I see the reasoning behind our teacher to say this and I completely agree and I think it should be implemented at every school.

