---
title: 9/1/16
layout: post
author: tommy.nicholls
permalink: /9/1/16/
source-id: 13gLKxweAyATaRwEAIp3i5n7kIniwM8hKWRRmKqSqhqk
published: true
---
# **Values         9/1/17**

# **How did I learn? What strategies were effective?**

I think I learnt quite well as today as (it is a new term) we have a new teacher so we couldn't really start a new topic. So he set me and my class a test on what we thought on coding, which I thought was quite hard although I thought of some strategies to help me. For example I wrote down (on the computer) all the things I found hard and all the thing I found easy about programming as two of the questions were about this. After we look at the code of the page which we then messed around with changing the colours, changing the words on the page, etc. I learnt a lot about how people structure webpages.

# **What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to improve on?**

The thing that limited my learning was at the start, when we were doing the quiz I accidentally refreshed the page which deleted all the work I had done, but thankfully I wasn't that far in. So do stop that I could just not refresh the page.  Later in the lesson we watched an inspirational video on a child who couldn't get over a pommel horse at a demonstration at his school, while his classmates and their parents watched. But instead of jeering that shouted encouragement and the teacher kept getting him to do it again, even after he had started crying. Eventually after a few tries he did it which made everyone cheer. This makes me want to improve on some of my habits, this includes not jeering when people get something wrong and not giving up.

# **How did you react to the video? What values do you want people to have/learn?**

I think I didn't react openly when I saw the video but I my mind I think normally people would do the exact opposite of what they were doing in the video. For example in other schools by the time the child started crying the teacher would have probably stopped him, also by the third go the children would have started to laugh at him and jeer. This is why I think children should get taught by either their parents or teachers to be kinder to people and not jeer and laugh when people get things wrong, also they should be taught to never give up. They could do this by getting the children to a task which they may see as impossible but make them keep doing it till they succeed.

