---
title: 30/1/17
layout: post
author: tommy.nicholls
permalink: /30/1/17/
source-id: 1uuWdUkuDSP4Jo8epWoNU1mERVG4Xw-AeE8Ew5clmECQ
published: true
---
**Python lesson 3.  30/1/17**

 What we did today:

 today was our third lesson on codecadamy which we carried on with learning python

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective **

I think I learnt well for the amount I did, although I did not go though much as I got stuck on one question for about 15 minutes and another which I was stuck on for 10 minutes. The strategies which I found were effective were to just keep trying. As one of the question I got stuck on I didn't get a first, but when I kept trying I eventually got it and finished it. Although I had to ask the teacher on the other question I got stuck on

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to improve on?**

The thing that limited my learning is not going through my code properly this caused me to make silly mistakes in some of my code as cost me a lot of time to fix. I could stop this happening by trying to focus more on the habit of checking each line of code after I've written it to double check that I have got it right.

**What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?**

The thing I will for next time is to try and complete my target which I set in the lesson, my target this lesson was to do 25% completion from the 19% I stated on, but I only did 24%. Next lesson I will try to get to 30% by checking my work so I do not get stuck on question for a long duration of time

