---
title: 16/1/17

16/1/17

16/1/17
layout: post
author: tommy.nicholls
permalink: /16/1/17/
source-id: 1bshL8Dekx7LOPDHsWuEuEusEhGwgEormO0Bs3JNRay0
published: true
---
**Python     16/1/17**

 What we did today:

 today we started to go on codecadamy and we started to learn hothead   programming language of python

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective **

I think I learnt quite well. This is because we just started to learn a new topic, which is python, so it was mostly easy. The strategies that were effective was to simply read the instructions and try and follow them. If I did something wrong and/or didn't know what to do, I would just use a trial and error method. All these strategies were suggested by the teacher at the start of the lesson, which was helpful.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to improve on?**

I think what limited my learning was how sometimes I did not copy down the variable or string properly so when the website went through the code they saw that the string or variable was copied down wrong so I could not progress to the next lesson, which was really annoying. So the habit I need to improve on is to copy the variable/string down directly from the instructions

**What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?**

The thing I will change for next time is to copy it directly from the instructions instead of writing it out for myself. I will improve my learning by trying to little bits at home as well as at school.

